
Start
Take integer variable year
assain a value to the variable
check if the year is divisible by 4 but not 100,
PRINT "leap year"
check if the year is divisible bt 400, 
PRINT "leap year"
otherwise,PRINT "not leap year"


1. start 
2. taking input as number
3. if num % 400 == 0 and num % 4 == 0:
	if num % 100 != 0:
		print "leap year"
	else:
		print "leap year"
4. end

start
calculateTicketPrice( age, movieType)
switch (movieType) 
            case "regular":
                if (age < 18) 
                    return 8.0;
                 else 
                    return 12.0;
                
            case "3d":
                if (age < 18) 
                    return 10.0;
                 else 
                    return 15.0;
                
            default:
                print("Invalid movie type. Please enter 'regular' or '3D'.");
                return 0.0; 


3 . Prime Number Generator:
Create a alo/pseudocode that generates and displays all prime numbers 
within a specified range (e.g., between 1 and 100). Use nested loops to 
iterate through each number in the range and determine if it's a prime number. 
A prime number is a whole number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors 
other than 1 and itself.



function generatePrimeNumbers(lower, upper):
for num in range(lower + 1, upper + 1):   
Iterate through numbers (start from lower+1 to exclude lower itself)
is_prime = True
for divisor in range(2, int(num**0.5) + 1):  Check divisibility from 2 to square root of num
if num % divisor == 0:
is_prime = False
break 
if is_prime:
print(num)

Example usage:
generatePrimeNumbers(1, 100)


Temperature Converter:
		Develop a temperature converter program that converts temperatures between Celsius and Fahrenheit. The program should ask the user to choose the conversion type (Celsius to Fahrenheit or Fahrenheit to Celsius) and then input the temperature value. Use a switch statement to handle the conversion type, and if-else statements to perform the actual conversion.
		
4, Day of the Week:
		Write a program that prompts the user to enter a number between 1 and 7 representing a day of the week (1 for Sunday, 2 for Monday, and so on). Use a switch statement to determine the day entered by the user and output the corresponding day name. If the user enters a number outside the range of 1-7, display an error message.
 
		
BMI Calculator:
Create a BMI (Body Mass Index) calculator program. The program should ask the user for their weight (in kilograms) and height (in meters). Then, calculate the BMI using the formula BMI = weight / (height * height). Finally, classify the BMI into categories according to the following criteria:
Underweight: BMI < 18.5
Normal weight: 18.5 <= BMI < 25
Overweight: 25 <= BMI < 30
Obese: BMI >= 30
 
  Factorial Calculator : 	Write a program ... by Ashu (Guest)
Ashu (Guest)
5:45 PM
 
Factorial Calculator:
	Write a program that calculates the factorial of a given number using a loop. The factorial of a non-negative integer n is denoted by n! and is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n. For example, 5! = 5 × 4 × 3 × 2 × 1 = 120. Prompt the user to enter a number, then use a loop to calculate and output its factorial.
 
Number Guessing Game:
	Develop a number guessing game where the program randomly generates a number between 1 and 100. The user has to guess the number, and the program provides feedback (higher, lower, or correct) after each guess. Use a loop to allow the user to keep guessing until they correctly guess the number.
 
3, Prime Number Generator:
		Create a program that generates and displays all prime numbers within a specified range (e.g., between 1 and 100). Use nested loops to iterate through each number in the range and determine if it's a prime number. A prime number is a whole number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself.
 
Fibonacci Sequence Generator:
		Write a program to generate the Fibonacci sequence up to a specified number of terms. The Fibonacci sequence starts with 0 and 1, and each subsequent number is the sum of the two preceding numbers (0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, ...). Prompt the user to enter the number of terms they want to generate and use a loop to calculate and output the sequence.
 
		
Palindrome Checker:
		Develop a program that checks whether a given string is a palindrome or not. A palindrome is a word, phrase, number, or other sequence of characters that reads the same backward as forward (e.g., "radar" or "madam"). Prompt the user to enter a string, then use a loop to compare characters from the beginning and end of the string to determine if it's a palindrome.
has context menu
        
    


